[Music]
striking that's the whole world is
watching source of human history has
changed today
the shipment of he has to be stopping up
in Johannesburg
they spend so much money to keep them
here when they could be spending it on
other things
at least they're keeping them separate
from us how do you weapons work we're
coming to you from the entrance of
district 9 the refugee camps set up two
separate aliens from the general
population they told me I was gonna get
a vest don't worry about the vest it'll
be fine in the New Age uggs open the
door please this is an amazing fact I
haven't seen this type of setup
I don't know this has got the markings
thereof so it's definitely alien but
it's it's not a weapon nobody really
knew what this place was
it's gonna be quick it's gonna be
cleaner first of all be quiet there's a
lot of secrets in district 9
[Music]